guys girls all god and chorus
needed if that here is minecraft we
we found the day of commands you have
come to two thousand five hundred thousand 102
likes what I was asking for and I'm going
to reopen another 1500 les since
you have more or less a week in
get to those likes is worth the command of
vines is horny already is very tiring of
I'm just going to say the phrase
with everyone and with that, I'm sure you know
what will the command go still more
let's start, let's start first
we need good as always a hi
my name
command block
worth the wrong place at a time like
before to see
eat there is
let's put a button
that there we copy the command that is the
information of this video vale
let's put a button
hit it
in general here the command
and everything around here all standing
and here we have to stop this is good
move the command is done by network
engineers in the red engineer of
agreement congratulations all the credits
for you, you are a preview of your machine and
this is where we give it to you and it's going to tell you
automatically that you have to what
we need rest
a button
we try the iron
that if we come with this what
we throw
today we are going to burn the shot
free let's create a little bit I'm going to
put a few because you're worth and for what
you serve these because you're good what
first, everything is that you go to an animal
dices
to him and we capture him now he starts
to the pi pi pi pi pi that is the theme that of
get to catch the pokemon in this
case in 9a has escaped me after
other
the first signal to catch
the second action to the pillan
we go
yes yes I will not hit I wanted to lower the
lifetime
or there is wheat
come have one plus one more and we have it
and it's our yes if you know it I know
thanks thanks
he died
well let's catch many
so you can see what happens
here I think I have to lower them between
life also that's another
what I miss all
what strong well there we are
got one worth one of seven is worth
when you get it, this will appear
egg is the egg of the sheep according
before we have captured a sheep that
has that name that is the capture of
agreement and that will happen to us all
we can capture any kind of
animal is worth a grip but it is a
creepers and is a chicken is a chicken
yes it is a verb is a lerma we are going to
understand here
there is
we have captured a brother is
complicated when stronger or more
complicated is worth the neutrals are the
easier to capture when you see
thiago
I remember that to build a
pokémon you have to press down and
pull at the same time so that what
they would catch if he did not escape in this
case expelled and fide everything and nothing is
has escaped after catching any of
agreement
both
cibeles large line
you have not seen it
of the program vault or something you see that
a chair appears here you see that
scratched this one just saw you shit
but well nothing happens, flu is what
you like it, you see
I could not choose the object but it would come out
the kyrie but if we take it basically
ok you have to wait until the 330
Laughter is very funny and is much of the
command I liked a lot that is
great voucher
we can make you with all the enemies
from this world friends and neutrals get yourself
with all the minecraft pokemones
nothing guys this this is all agreement if
do you like the command argala like
subscribe and one more tomorrow guys and
best last ginés capture a winner